docs: add generic webhook notifications to alerts guide [SC-65382] (#949)
rungalileo/docs-official: how-to-guides/basics/set-up-alerts-on-logs.mdx

When a Slack notification have been added, the top right corner of the section will show "Active".

## Generic webhook notifications

> Generic webhooks let you send Galileo alert events to any HTTP endpoint — for example, a custom alerting system, an incident management platform like PagerDuty or IBM Netcool, or an internal automation pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generic webhooks let you send Galileo alert events to any HTTP endpoint — for example, a custom alerting system, an incident management platform like PagerDuty or IBM Tivoli Netcool/OMNIbus, or an internal automation pipeline.
```

Looks like the product name has changed: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/netcoolomnibus/8.1.0?topic=overview-introduction-tivoli-netcoolomnibus

> Unlike Slack notifications (which are formatted for human reading), generic webhooks deliver a structured JSON payload designed for machine consumption. Every delivery includes the exact metric value that triggered the alert, a unique `dedup_key` for correlating trigger and clear events, and a `metadata` field you control — useful for routing events to the right team or tagging payloads with environment context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike Slack notifications (which are formatted for human reading), generic webhooks deliver a structured JSON payload designed for machine consumption. Every delivery includes the exact metric value that triggered the alert, a unique `dedup_key` for correlating trigger and clear events, and a `metadata` field you control. You can use the `metadata` field to route events to the right team or tag payloads with environment context.
```

Grammar nit: The original sentence structure doesn't make it immediately clear that the `— useful for routing events to the right team or tagging payloads with environment context` fragment specifically refers to the metadata field. Let me know if I misunderstood and it was supposed to apply to all 3 items though!
